wants to win the lottery
It's my way of being.
who will get
we will not just
congratulations
it's good to take
on my Honda bike
This is my part.
Miguel to my proposal
abi
one month
the full program of the note
we
no no no no
I stayed there
no work
will stay in the minimum as well
this month of May
the other
new
moussa no
a man as soon as
the agent said
Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay.
tite
cavalcante to arrive
in the matter
the boy the organ
do not pick up
on Sunday
revealed by Fluminense
in 2007
O
the album
my
came in
Broadband is a lot of laugh
The man
O
but it was not the case
now
the boy is birthday when his boyfriend
Last
no accident
of course not
me
dominating and
O
where are you going to stop
hired for this
he took over
spare me
my
so do not see the
he
do not
the law he lost
only
understood
O
even with the
caern technicians
it is clear therefore in order to lose
keirrison
- I
Why not
not bad
I am fine
she put